#### <a href = "https://github.com/CristianDavideConte/universalSmoothScroll#table-of-contents"><code>&#8678; Back to Table of Contents</code></a>
<br/>

# Included ease functions (public use)
Method Name | Ease type
----------- | ---------
`CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER` | The first 4 input parameters are the 4 points of the bézier curve and they determine the kind of easing obtained.
`EASE_LINEAR` | Same as `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER(0, 0, 1, 1, ...)`. <br/> The speed of the scroll animation is costant and depends on the passed duration.
`EASE_IN_SINE` | Same as `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER(0.12, 0, 0.39, 0, ...)`. <br/> Initially the speed of the scroll animation is slightly lower than the `EASE_LINEAR`, it increases as the time passes and it's higher than `EASE_LINEAR` towards the end of the scroll-animation.
`EASE_IN_QUAD` | Same as `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER(0.11, 0, 0.5,  0, ...)`. <br/> Initially the speed of the scroll animation is slightly lower than the `EASE_IN_SINE`, it increases as the time passes and it's higher than `EASE_IN_SINE` towards the end of the scroll-animation.
`EASE_IN_CUBIC` | Same as `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER(0.32, 0, 0.67, 0, ...)`. <br/> Initially the speed of the scroll animation is slightly lower than the `EASE_IN_QUAD`, it increases as the time passes and it's higher than `EASE_IN_QUAD` towards the end of the scroll-animation.
`EASE_IN_QUART` | Same as `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER(0.5,  0, 0.75, 0, ...)`. <br/> Initially the speed of the scroll animation is slightly lower than the `EASE_IN_CUBIC`, it increases as the time passes and it's higher than `EASE_IN_CUBIC` towards the end of the scroll-animation.
`EASE_IN_QUINT` | Same as `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER(0.64, 0, 0.78, 0, ...)`. <br/> Initially the speed of the scroll animation is slightly lower than the `EASE_IN_QUART`, it increases as the time passes and it's higher than `EASE_IN_QUART` towards the end of the scroll-animation.
`EASE_IN_EXPO` | Same as `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER(0.7,  0, 0.84, 0, ...)`. <br/> Initially the speed of the scroll animation is slightly lower than the `EASE_IN_QUINT`, it increases as the time passes and it's higher than `EASE_IN_QUINT` towards the end of the scroll-animation.
`EASE_IN_CIRC` | Same as `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER(0.55, 0, 1, 0.45, ...)`. <br/> Initially the speed of the scroll animation is slightly lower than the `EASE_IN_QUART` but higher than `EASE_IN_EXPO`, it increases as the time passes and it's roughly the same as `EASE_IN_QUART` towards the end of the scroll-animation.
`EASE_IN_BOUNCE` | There is a bouncing effect at the beginning of the scroll-animation, after that it's similar to the first part of `EASE_OUT_QUART`
`EASE_OUT_SINE` | Same as `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER(0.61, 1, 0.88, 1, ...)`. <br/> Initially the speed of the scroll animation is slightly higher than the `EASE_LINEAR`, it decreases as the time passes and it's lower than `EASE_LINEAR` towards the end of the scroll-animation.
`EASE_OUT_QUAD` | Same as `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER(0.5,  1, 0.89, 1, ...)`. <br/> Initially the speed of the scroll animation is slightly higher than the `EASE_OUT_SINE`, it decreases as the time passes and it's lower than `EASE_OUT_SINE` towards the end of the scroll-animation.
`EASE_OUT_CUBIC` | Same as `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER(0.33, 1, 0.68, 1, ...)`. <br/> Initially the speed of the scroll animation is slightly higher than the `EASE_OUT_QUAD`, it decreases as the time passes and it's lower than `EASE_OUT_QUAD` towards the end of the scroll-animation.
`EASE_OUT_QUART` | Same as `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER(0.25, 1, 0.5, 1, ...)`. <br/> Initially the speed of the scroll animation is slightly higher than the `EASE_OUT_CUBIC`, it decreases as the time passes and it's lower than `EASE_OUT_CUBIC` towards the end of the scroll-animation.
`EASE_OUT_QUINT` | Same as `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER(0.22, 1, 0.36, 1, ...)`. <br/> Initially the speed of the scroll animation is slightly higher than the `EASE_OUT_QUART`, it decreases as the time passes and it's lower than `EASE_OUT_QUART` towards the end of the scroll-animation.
`EASE_OUT_EXPO` | Same as `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER(0.16, 1, 0.3, 1, ...)`. <br/> Initially the speed of the scroll animation is slightly higher than the `EASE_OUT_QUINT`, it decreases as the time passes and it's lower than `EASE_OUT_QUINT` towards the end of the scroll-animation.
`EASE_OUT_CIRC` | Same as `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER(0, 0.55, 0.45, 1, ...)`. <br/> Initially the speed of the scroll animation is slightly higher than the `EASE_OUT_QUINT` but lower than `EASE_OUT_EXPO`, it decreases as the time passes and it's roughly the same as `EASE_OUT_QUART` towards the end of the scroll-animation.
`EASE_OUT_BOUNCE` |  The first quart of the animation it's similar to the last part of `EASE_IN_QUART`, after that there is a bouncing effect until the end of the scroll-animation
`EASE_IN_OUT_SINE` | Same as `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER(0.37, 0, 0.63, 1, ...)`. <br/> Initially the speed of the scroll animation is slightly lower than the `EASE_LINEAR`, it increases till it's higher than `EASE_LINEAR` when half of the duration has passed and then it decreases until it's lower than `EASE_LINEAR` towards the end of the scroll-animation.
`EASE_IN_OUT_QUAD` | Same as `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER(0.45, 0, 0.55, 1, ...)`. <br/> Initially the speed of the scroll animation is slightly lower than the `EASE_IN_OUT_SINE`, it increases till it's higher than `EASE_IN_OUT_SINE` when half of the duration has passed and then it decreases until it's lower than `EASE_IN_OUT_SINE` towards the end of the scroll-animation.
`EASE_IN_OUT_CUBIC` | Same as `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER(0.65, 0, 0.35, 1, ...)`. <br/> Initially the speed of the scroll animation is slightly lower than the `EASE_IN_OUT_QUAD`, it increases till it's higher than `EASE_IN_OUT_QUAD` when half of the duration has passed and then it decreases until it's lower than `EASE_IN_OUT_QUAD` towards the end of the scroll-animation.
`EASE_IN_OUT_QUART` | Same as `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER(0.76, 0, 0.24, 1, ...)`. <br/> Initially the speed of the scroll animation is slightly lower than the `EASE_IN_OUT_CUBIC`, it increases till it's higher than `EASE_IN_OUT_CUBIC` when half of the duration has passed and then it decreases until it's lower than `EASE_IN_OUT_CUBIC` towards the end of the scroll-animation.
`EASE_IN_OUT_QUINT` | Same as `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER(0.83, 0, 0.17, 1, ...)`. <br/> Initially the speed of the scroll animation is slightly lower than the `EASE_IN_OUT_QUART`,it increases till it's higher than `EASE_IN_OUT_QUART` when half of the duration has passed and then it decreases until it's lower than `EASE_IN_OUT_QUART` towards the end of the scroll-animation.
`EASE_IN_OUT_EXPO` | Same as `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER(0.87, 0, 0.13, 1, ...)`. <br/> Initially the speed of the scroll animation is slightly lower than the `EASE_IN_OUT_QUINT`, it increases till it's higher than `EASE_IN_OUT_QUINT` when half of the duration has passed and then it decreases until it's lower than `EASE_IN_OUT_QUINT` towards the end of the scroll-animation.
`EASE_IN_OUT_CIRC` | Same as `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER(0.85, 0, 0.15, 1, ...)`. <br/> Initially the speed of the scroll animation is slightly lower than the `EASE_IN_OUT_QUINT` but higher than `EASE_IN_OUT_EXPO`, it increases till it's higher than `EASE_IN_OUT_QUINT` when half of the duration has passed and then it decreases until it's lower than `EASE_IN_OUT_QUINT` but higher than `EASE_IN_OUT_EXPO` towards the end of the scroll-animation.
`EASE_IN_OUT_BOUNCE` |  The first half of the animation it's the same as to the first part of `EASE_IN_BOUNCE`, the second one is the same as the last part of `EASE_OUT_BOUNCE`
`EASE_ELASTIC_X` | Allows for an elastic easing effect on the x-axis of a container. <br/> Takes in 4 parameters: <br/> <ol> 1) A step length calculator which controls the easing of the **forward part** of the scroll-animation. <br/> 2) A step length calculator which controls the easing of the **backward part** of the scroll-animation. <br/> 3) A function which must return the number of pixels that will have to be scrolled by the backward part of the scroll-animation. <br/> This function will be passed the following input parameters (in this order): <br/> <ol> - OriginalTimestamp which indicates the exact time in milliseconds at which the forward part of the scroll-animation has started <br/> - Timestamp which indicates the time in milliseconds at which this function is invoked <br/> - CurrentPosition of the container's left border <br/> - Direction, 1 if the elements inside the container have gone from right to left as a consequence of the forward part of the scroll-animation, -1 otherwise <br/> - Container on which the scroll-animation is currently being performed (a DOM element that can be scrolled) <br/> </ol> If this function returns a negative number, the forward easing will be used instead of the backward one. <br/> 4) The time in milliseconds that has to pass after the end of the forward part of the scroll animation to start the backward part </ol>
`EASE_ELASTIC_Y` | Allows for an elastic easing effect on the y-axis of a container. <br/> Takes in 4 parameters: <br/> <ol> 1) A step length calculator which controls the easing of the **forward part** of the scroll-animation. <br/> 2) A step length calculator which controls the easing of the **backward part** of the scroll-animation. <br/> 3) A function which must return the number of pixels that will have to be scrolled by the backward part of the scroll-animation. <br/> This function will be passed the following input parameters (in this order): <br/> <ol> - OriginalTimestamp which indicates the exact time in milliseconds at which the forward part of the scroll-animation has started <br/> - Timestamp which indicates the time in milliseconds at which this function is invoked <br/> - CurrentPosition of the container's top border <br/> - Direction, 1 if the elements inside the container have gone from bottom to top as a consequence of the forward part of the scroll-animation, -1 otherwise <br/> - Container on which the scroll-animation is currently being performed (a DOM element that can be scrolled) <br/> </ol> If this function returns a negative number, the forward easing will be used instead of the backward one. <br/> 4) The time in milliseconds that has to pass after the end of the forward part of the scroll animation to start the backward part </ol>

All the above mentioned methods return a `stepLengthCalculator`. <br/>
Except for `CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER`, `EASE_ELASTIC_X` and `EASE_ELASTIC_Y`, the input parameters are: <br/>  
- A `duration` in milliseconds <br/>
- A `callback` that is executed at every scroll-animation step and that will be invoked with the same input parameters the returned stepLengthCalculators are passed <br/>

`CUSTOM_CUBIC_BEZIER` requires the 4 bézier points (finite numbers between 0 and 1) before the `duration` and the `callback`. <br/> 
<br/><br/>
